ENG-7694: Adds mongodb repository support for fail open (#21)
cyralinc/sidecar-failopen: README.md

- The database name against which the health check commands will be executed.

## MongoDB Replica Set

> To connect to a MongoDB replicaset, you can add the hosts for the replica set by inserting them in the `RepositoryHost` field
> separated by commas, with each port separated by a colon. E.g:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to a MongoDB Replica Set you must add the replica set hosts in the `RepoHost` field,
separating them by commas, with each port separated by a colon. When using this configuration, the
parameter `RepoPort` must be set to `0`. E.g.:
```

```

> RepositoryHost: mongodb1:27017,mongodb2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RepoHost: mongodb1:27017,mongodb2:27017
RepoPort: 0
```
